Improve process streams (#540)
thefrontside/effection: .changes/io-stream.md

---
"@effection/subscription": "minor"
---

> Add `IoStream` interface and `createIoStream` function. IoStreams are like regular streams, but can convert output into text or linewise output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `OutputStream` interface and `createOutputStream` function. OutputStreams are like regular streams, but can convert output into text or linewise output.
```
